#summary Developer Production Guide
#labels Phase-QA,Phase-Implementation

= Introduction =
This page outlines when and what you should develop as part of the team.

= Modelers =
Your job is to produce either: 
  * Models
  * Textured Models
  * Collision Models
  * Model Rigs and Animations

3ds Max users reference [Maxguide] this for a how-to

The production is freeflow, so unless specifically said something is needed you work to your own devices. however if you find a non-textured model, or non-collided model in one of the assigned areas you should do the texture work, or collision for that model as a priority, On starting work on such a model mark the filename _S to show work has started. For instance UncollidedBridge.max would be Uncollisdedbridge_S.max, this will stop anyone else doing the same model, when you have finished it, move it to the relevant folder.

If you are specifically asked to do something by a project lead this should take priority over any other models, for instance if DarthPJB asked you to make an engine mount, this would take priority over a computer console, unless another lead had asked that model to be made.

If you have no other priorities you may work on whatever models you wish for the project, however please maintain the same connections and sizes.
At the moment all models are multiples of two in size (2,4,8,16,32,64,128,256,512) please attempt to stick to these sizes

= Texture artists =
Your job is to produce textures for use in the pack, either:
  * VMF/VMT texture files
  * Texture Images

Your highest priority should be any work asked of you, for instance if asked to produce an engine glow texture, this would be your highest priority, secondly the editing of images from the Raw folder into usable files. should neither of those be present, you may work on whatever you wish, either a texture you believe is needed, or one you think might be needed in the future.

= Mappers =
Your job is to produce low poly large sections, or specific map components such as:
  * VMF prefabs for connecting to a tube, or cargo bay
  * A bridge section for a ship
  * (given that the project is given go ahead) help with the spacebuild map.

Your highest priority is the production of specific bays, such as cargo bays, bridges, fighter bays, etc, though VMF prefabs are a secondary objective.
You should concentrate mostly on what is asked of you, for instance Firgof may require a specific detail for a spacebuild map.
Given nothing is asked of you you are free to produce work you believe is needed, or may be needed.
Please remember the standard sizes are multiples of 2.

= Testers =
Your job is to break stuff, by either:
  * Testing newly added features
  * Verifying bug reports and fixes
Primarily you need to verify existing problems status. Please check the issues section, and search for issues to verify, if you find anything that needs verifying, please test it with the latest SVN, then reply to the issue stating the outcome of testing.
Given that there are no verifiable issues, your second priority is to test things asked of you by the production team. for instance if Squad added a new model, you could SVN update and test it worked as planned while he worked on another model.
Given there are no open issues, and no outstanding requests, feel free to load the latest SVN and attempt to break and find faults in anything that is part of the pack, posting separate issues as you find errors.