#summary Tester Reference
#labels Featured,Phase-Implementation,Phase-Support

= Introduction =
This page explains how to install the test version of the pack, how to update it.
it also explains how to report bugs.

= How to install The SVN version =
You will need a SVN client, such as [http://tortoisesvn.tigris.org TortoiseSVN], you must then create a new folder in your garrysmod/garrysmod/addons folder, and right click it, select the SVN checkout option. 
In the box asking for a URL enter 
{{{
http://spacebuildmodelpack.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/SpacebuildModelPackAlpha2/
}}}
Click Ok and it will install the latest version.

Make sure you also:
  * delete any previous versions of the addon (or SVN versions of the addon) before checking out
  * delete all files starting with the name 'spacebuild' in the garrysmod/garrysmod/settings/spawnlists/ folder
  * Remove any and all other traces of the old addon, and ensure you checkout that exact URL to a NEW folder in addons, and not a sub folder. to be extra sure check the folder has an info.txt file in it.

Suggested options:
  * in your folder explore window (windows users), select 'tools menu'/'folder options', on the 'view' tab un-check the 'hide protected operating system files', and 'hide file extensions for known file types' options, and select 'show hidden files and folders' options.

= How to update the SVN version =
  * Right click on the model pack addon folder you made before, and select 'SVN Update'
  * Wait for the update to finish then click OK

Make sure you Also:
  * delete all files starting with the name 'spacebuild' in the garrysmod/garrysmod/settings/spawnlists/ folder

= If you find a bug =
  * Take a screenshot showing the problem (if it is possible to do so)
  * (if possible) upload the screenshot to [http://imageshack.us Image Shack]
  * Post the DIRECT LINK to the image while submitting a bug report on the [http://code.google.com/p/spacebuildmodelpack/issues/list]Issues page

Before Submitting a bug:
  * Check the bug has not already been submitted, if it has post an update to it as a comment, rather than a new reply.